we've decided we will no longer be
cooperating with any further FBI
requests I knew it I knew it
and I told you and you wouldn't listen
you said just the office line mark
evidently they were lying to us too
well evidently you can't keep track of
what the FBI is doing yeah to call
you're expecting mark well put him
through
it's a Swedish deal I'm working on mark
Whitacre hey Mark it's Brian Shepard
well I told Shepard we're done working
with him as of now I hear from ya listen
I want to bring my supervisor by to meet
you this weekend be okay well great well
so mr. Andreas is in my office right now
so I'll talk to you later okay what do I
do with this Shepard guy calls you let
me know about it and I'll tell my dad
but you're done talking to them
absolutely